Fallen is an action-adventure-packed text-based MUD game that combines combat, roleplaying,
and interactive fiction gameplay that gets you excited. The game takes place in a fantasy world,
Roth, which has three realms: Inferno, Terra, and Paraíso. Characters are in two categories:
Viaxeiros and Orixinais. The Orixinais have abilities like telekinesis, sonic beams, and enhanced
intelligence while the Viaxeiros have abilities like rapid healing, flight, and physical strength


A Viaxeiros is cast down to the Inferno realm filled with fiery monsters and demons, while an Orixinais is cast to
the Terra realm filled with beasts that swim, run, and fly. After being cast down, the Orixinais
and Viaxeiros possess only a fraction of their abilities and are half-mortal. To become worthy
again and return home to Paraíso, they must obtain three powerful magical orbs scattered across
the Inferno and Terra realms. Choose your character and build your strength and rank to be able to wield an orb.
These orbs (poder, coñecemento, vida) represent power, knowledge, and life. The poder orbs are found in the Terra realm,
while the vida orbs are found in the Inferno realm.
The coñecemento orbs can be found in either realm. The Your characters cannot
ascend to Paraíso without obtaining all three, this means your characters will travel between realms in
search of these orbs.

Fight monsters, demons, and beasts of different kinds across the realm to build their strength level
gain abilities. The ranks are divided into three: baixo (low), medio (medium), and
alto (high). Characters can be Viaxeiros-baixo, Viaxeiros-medio, or Viaxeiros-alto or they can be
Orixinais-low, Orixinais-medio, or Orixinais-alto.

Characters usually start the game as baixo with a strength level of 10% and 10 coins. To upgrade
to medio, strength level has to be greater or equal to 50%, and for alto, 100%. The minimum
strength level and rank needed to wield a coñecemento orb are 20% and baixo respectively. The
minimum strength level and rank needed to wield a poder orb are 40% and medio respectively.
Lastly, the minimum strength level and rank needed to wield a vida orb are 80% and alto
respectively. Maps show characters the locations of orbs, monster caves, checkpoints, and portals
across the realm.